README.md, before:

## Alliance

Rails and AngularJS app originally designed for the Mission Economic Development Agency (MEDA) to enhance their financial capability coaches' ability to interact with and track the progress of their clients' action plans. We've opensourced the app so other non-profits can take advantage of it.

See it in action here: https://alliance-nonprofit.herokuapp.com/

More information can be found on the [wiki](https://github.com/brit200313/alliance/wiki)

### Setup for Your Non-Profit

We welcome non-profits to fork the project to create a version for a client/coach business. You will need to have your local Rails dev environment setup, a [Twilio](www.twilio.org) account and a [Sendgrid](www.sendgrid.com) account.

TODO: wiki article on how to deploy alliance

### Contribute

Want to contribute to Alliance? We'd love to have you onboard. Please review the [Contributing as a Developer](https://github.com/brit200313/alliance/wiki/Contributing-as-a-Developer) guide to get started.

### Special Thanks

- [Melanie Gin](https://github.com/onelovelyname)
- [Eden Halil](https://github.com/eden1991)
- [Meredith Tanaka](https://github.com/mlttanaka)

Commit message:

Added the Deploy to Heroku button

README.md, after:

## Alliance

Rails and AngularJS app originally designed for the Mission Economic Development Agency (MEDA) to enhance their financial capability coaches' ability to interact with and track the progress of their clients' action plans. We've opensourced the app so other non-profits can take advantage of it.

See it in action here: https://alliance-nonprofit.herokuapp.com/

More information can be found on the [wiki](https://github.com/brit200313/alliance/wiki)

### Setup for Your Non-Profit

We welcome non-profits to deploy their own copy of alliance for their non-profit. Before getting started, your organization will need a [Heroku](www.heroku.com) account, [Twilio for Non-Profits](www.twilio.org) account and a [Sendgrid](www.sendgrid.com) account. 

Once you have those, click the Deploy button. 

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/Brit200313/alliance)

Then, follow the [Getting Started](https://github.com/Brit200313/alliance/wiki/Setting-Up-alliance-for-Your-Non-Profit) guide. 

### Contribute

Want to contribute to Alliance? We'd love to have you onboard. Please review the [Contributing as a Developer](https://github.com/brit200313/alliance/wiki/Contributing-as-a-Developer) guide to get started.

### Special Thanks

- [Melanie Gin](https://github.com/onelovelyname)
- [Eden Halil](https://github.com/eden1991)
- [Meredith Tanaka](https://github.com/mlttanaka)
